ACROBAT - An Acrobat was a popular Medieval entertainer
ARMORER - A Medieval Armorer held an important occupation in the Medieval workforce. Armor had to be uniquely made to fit its wearer and was considered one of the specialist Medieval Occupations & Jobs.
APOTHECARY - An Apothecy dispensed remedies made from herbs, plants and roots. Medieval physicians were expensive and a priest often held this occupation, often the only recourse for sick, poor people.
ARTIST - Artists were employed in the later Medieval era by kings and nobles. At first an artist painted heraldic designs on early furniture and then it became fashionable for portraits to be painted
ASTROLOGER - An astrologer studied the stars and planets but regarded as a mystical person. 
ATILLIATOR - The occupation of a Castle Atilliator was to make crossbows
BAILIFF - The occupation of the Castle Bailiff was to manage the castle estate or farm
BAKER - Bread was a daily staple of Medieval life, and good bakers were employed by Nobles in their castles.
BARBER - A Barber had many occupations in relation to personal care. Barbers would cut hair but would also serve as dentists, surgeons and blood-letters.
BLACKSMITH - The Blacksmith was one of the most important, albeit lowly, occupations of the Medieval era. Blacksmiths forged weapons, sharpened weapons, repaired armor.
BOTTLER - A Bottler had a responsible occupation and was in charge of the Bottlery which was intended for storing and dispensing wines and other expensive provisions.
BUTLER - The Butler was responsible for the castle cellar and was in charge of large butts of beer. The room in the castle called the Buttery was intended for storing and dispensing beverages, especially ale.
BOWER OR BOWYER - The Bowyer manufactured bows, arrows and crossbows
CANDLEMAKER - The Candlemaker made candles to light the castle. Candles were supplemented by lighting from torches, lanterns and rush dips. An 11th century Candlemaker called Graham Overhill is credited with inventing a candle - clock. A candle was produced with twelve lines on it. When lit at the top of the hour, the candle would burn from line to line at the rate of one hour for each line. The Medieval clock!
CARPENTER - The occupation of the Carpenter was diverse. Carpenters built furniture, roofing, siege engines and wood panelling.   Carpenter: a skilled craftsman who shaped or made things of wood. Carpenters were highly skilled and considered to be elite tradesmen
CASTELLAN - Castellan was the occupation of the person who had been appointed as Custodian, or in charge of, the castle
CHAMBERLAIN - Chamberlain - The title originated with an officer of a royal household who was responsible for the Chamber, which included the administration of the king's household's budget. This occupation was later extended to collecting revenues and paying expenses
CHANCELLOR - A chancellor was a secretary to a Noble or Royal person
CHAPLAIN - The Chaplain was responsible for the religious activities of a castle servants and Men at arms. The duties might also include that of a clerk and keeping accounts. A Priest would usually looked after the spiritual needs and confessions of the Nobles and their families
CLERK - A Clerk was employed to keep accounts
CLOTHIER - Clothiers made clothes for the nobles and required having a knowledge of various fine and expensive materials
CONSTABLE - Constable was the occupation of the person who had been appointed as Custodian, or in charge of, the castle
COOK - Cook was employed in the castle kitchens roasting, broiling, and baking food in the fireplaces and ovens. 
CORDWAINER - A Cordwainer was a Shoemaker or Cobbler, a craftsman who made shoes
COTTAR - A Cottar was one of the lowest peasant occupations, undertaken by the old or infirm, who had a series of low duties including swine-herd,, prison guard and menial tasks
DITCHER - A Ditcher a labourer who dug castle moats and foundations
EWERER - A Ewerer brought and heated water for the noble
FLETCHER - The Fletcher crafted and manufactured bows and the flights of arrows
GARDENER - The Medieval Gardener needed a knowledge of herbs and plants. A Gardeners  work was critical to the safety and protection of a castle - castle walls had to be kept clear of ivy or anything else that could be used to climb the castle walls and gardeners were expected to dig defensive ditches
HERALD OR HARKER - A Herald  was a knights assistant and an expert advisor on heraldry. The Herald (or Harker) would declare announcements on behalf of the King or Noble to the public. Normally this was done on a given day when the public would assemble at the base of a castle tower or in the town square and the Herald would shout out the news
HERBALIST - A Herbalist was usually a member of a religious order such as a monk or friar who would plant and maintainmedicinal plants, roots and herbs.
JANITOR - The Janitor, or Porter, was responsible for the main Castle entrance and for the guardrooms. The Janitor also insured that no one entered or left the castle without permission
JESTER - The Jester also referred to as the Fool entertained the court
KEEPER OF THE WARDROBE - The room in the castle called the wardrobe was intended as a dressing room and storage room for clothes and used by Lord of the castle. The Keeper of the Wardrobe was in charge of the tailors and laundress.
KNIGHT - It was the duty of a Knight to learn how to fight and so serve their Lord according to the Code of Chivalry. Weapon practise included enhancing skills in the two-handed sword, battle axe, mace, dagger and lance.
MARSHAL - Marshal was the officer in charge of a household's horses, carts, wagons, containers and the transporting of goods.
MESSENGER - Messengers were lesser diplomats of the lord who carried receipts, letters, and commodities. The occupation of a Messenger was often dangerous as if the message delivered was less than favorable the Messenger was often the victim of the incurred anger of the recipient leading to the saying "Don't kill the messenger".  Messengers were eventually made exempt from punishment by Law due to the news they delivered.
MINSTREL - Minstrels provided Castle entertainment in the form of singing and playing musical instruments. Minstrels often would record the deeds of heroic knights in songs giving the knight great publicity and establishing  respect and additional status
MONEYLENDER - Moneylenders were the Medieval bankers.
PAGE - The life of a castle Page would start at a very young age - seven years old. A Page was junior to a Squire. It was the duty of a Page to wait at table, care for the Lord's clothes and assist them in dressing. The Page was provided with a uniform of the colours and livery of the Lord.
PAINTER - Medieval castles ere highly colorful and the services of painters were often required
PORTER - The Janitor, or Porter, was responsible for the main Castle entrance and for the guardrooms. The Porter also insured that no one entered or left the castle without permission
PHYSICIAN - Physicians were a very highly regarded and respected occupation. Bleeding, lancing and surgical procedures were practised.
POTTER - Potters were craftsmen of in clay, porcelain and early forms of ceramics. Basically they produced pots for cooking and storage and occasionally worked as sculptors. Potters were members of Medieval craft guilds
REEVE - The Reeve supervised all work on a lord's property. The Reeve ensured that everyone began and stopped work on time
SCRIBE - Most Scribes came from religious establishments where reading, writing and comprehension skills were learned.
SCULLION - Scullions were the lowest of kitchen workers whose duties included washing and cleaning the kitchen
SHERIFF - The sheriff was an important official of county who was responsible for executing judicial duties
SHOEMAKER - A Shoemaker or Cobbler or Cordwainer was a craftsman who made shoes
SPINSTER - Spinster was the name of the occupation given to a woman who earned her living spinning yarn. The Spinning Wheel was invented during the Medieval era. Later the term Spinster was used to describe any unmarried woman
STEWARD - The Steward took care of the castle estate and household administration including the events in the Great Hall. This occupation was also referred to as a Seneschal
SQUIRE - A Squire was junior to a Knight. It was the duty of a Squire to learn about the Code of Chivalry, the rules of Heraldry, horsemanship and practise the use of weapons. It was also their duty to enter into the social life of the castle and learn courtly etiquette, music and dancing. The Squire served in this role for seven years and became a Knight at the age of twenty-one. Sometimes knighthood was conferred earlier as the reward for bravery on the battlefield
WATCHMAN - Watchmen was an official at the castle responsible for security. Also night-watchman
Actor
Advocate
Alchemist
Animal Handler
Apothecary
Architect
Archer
Aristocrat
Armorer
Artisan
Artist
Astrologer
Baker
Banker
Barbarian
Barber
Bard
Barkeep
Barmaid
Beekeeper
Beer Seller
Beggar
Blacksmith
Boatman
Boatswain
Bookbinder
Bookseller
Bowman
Bowyer
Brewer
Brothel Keeper
Buckle Maker
Builder
Butcher
Caravan Leader
Carpenter
Cartographer
Chandler
Charioteer
Chatelaine
Chef
Chieftain
Chirurgeon
Clergy
Clerk
Clock Maker
Cloth Worker
Commander
Concubine
Cook
Cooper
Copyist
Counselor
Courtesan
Courtier
Cowherd	Crossbowman
Cutler
Daimyo
Dairymaid
Diplomat
Distiller
Diver
Diviner
Domestic Servant
Emperor/Empress
Eunuch
Explorer
Farmer
Fighter
Fisherman
Fishmonger
Fletcher
Footman
Forester
Freighter
Furrier
Galley Slave
Gambler
Gardener
Geisha
Gladiator
Glove Maker
Groom
Guild Master
Harness Maker
Hat Maker
Hay Merchant
Healer
Hearthwitch
Herald
Herbalist
Herder
Hermit
Highwayman
Hunter
Illuminator
Innkeeper
Interpreter
Inventor
Jailer
Jester
Jeweler
Jongleur
Judge
King
Knight
Laborer
Lady
Lady in Waiting
Leather Worker
Limner	Locksmith
Lord
Maidservant
Majordomo
Man at Arms
Mason
Masseur
Mercer
Merchant
Messenger
Midwife
Miller
Miner
Minstrel
Monk
Mortician
Mourner
Navigator
Necromancer
Noble
Nun
Nurse
Page
Painter
Pariah
Pastry Cook
Peasant
Perfumer
Philosopher
Physician
Pigkeeper
Pilgrim
Plasterer
Potter
Priest/ess
Prince/ss
Professor
Purse Maker
Quartermaster
Queen
Ranger
Ratcatcher
Rigger
Ronin
Roofer
Rope Maker
Royal Adviser
Rug Maker
Ruler
Sailor
Samurai
Scabbard Maker
Scribe
Sculptor
Saddler	Scavenger
Scholar
Scrivener
Servant
Shaman
Shepherd
Ship’s Captain
Ship’s Mate
Shipwright
Shoemaker
Silversmith
Slave
Slaver
Smith
Soldier
Sorcerer/Sorceress
Spice Merchant
Squire
Stable Hand
Storyteller
Steward
Street Kid
Surveyor
Swineherd
Swordsman
Sycophant
Tailor
Tanner
Tavern Keeper
Tax Collector
Teamster
Thatcher
Thief
Tinker
Torturer
Town Crier
Trader
Trapper
Vendor
Vermin Catcher
Village Chief
Vintner
Viking
Warlock
Warrior
Water Carrier
Weaponsmith
Weaver
Wet Nurse
Wine Seller
Witch
Wizard
Woodcarver
Woodcutter
Wood Selle