Someries 
Donnington 
Boarstall 
Bolbec
Bradwell 
Castlethorpe
Cublington
Desborough
Ellesborough
Lavendon
Little Kimble
Little Missenden
Weston 
Turville
Wolverton
Norwall
Crystalhollow
Wellhaven
Whitecrest
Brookmere
Southsnow
Greenwell
Raycoast
Pondbridge
Summeracre
Brohurst
Silverhurst
Pryley
Wolfmere
Swyndell
Westmist
Vertmist
Beechmill
Redmont village
Ostmont town
RayFort
Namysmena
Worthenden
Woldedene
Downbatte Mount
Illdep
Sutenden
Tremena
Blacklowe
Pontcardine
Upper Topgate
Angsham
Bournecaster
The Hills Of Fromarke
ormsfast
Palmthrop
Fulgate Lake
Stormlowe
The Hills Of Sticklecastle
Spittor
Hurtcrack
Hoppslot
Angmouth Farm
Dipmound
Faterscrutch
Ashbran
Belysacre
Bludkne
The County Of Ardcote
Diedive
Cullock
Middlebran Tor
Hurtleigh
Moscatt
Froleah
Hawkach
Morenhill
The County Of ogettin
Alderlock Barrow
Grungetor Lodge
Fishely
Denbridge Castle
Fireampton
Belyswick
Exebride
lutsander
Ringcanvy
Grenshen
Modesdale
Manenden
Fuleter
Grokers
ogfast
Drumenford
Lowtor
Houndswhip Farm
The Isle Of Helhenge
Pensworth Lake
Strathkeld Lodge
Asester Down
The Isle Of Carsey
Belport
Palmend
Carntor
Hitemede Hill
Upper Breington
Illturn
Rustlowe
Angbride
Fulenhill
Westock
West Impsgrip
Shepmer Fell
Flopmarke
Lemarke Marsh
North Endercardine
Lhanron
Ardwick
Dinasfan
The Hills Of Belchester
Dunden
Nanpool
Lower Anglock
Lowmere
Aalborghus Castle is a 16th century castle in northern Denmark which includes the fascinating old dungeons. 
Acton Burnell Castle is a picturesque ruined English manor and castle near Shrewsbury. A grand medieval castle commissioned by Saladin, Ajlun Castle is an excellent example of Ayyubid-era fortifications which is now a tourist attraction and museum.	
Akershus Fortress in Olso has been a vital stronghold and royal residence since the fourteenth century.	With Hellenistic foundations, this magnificent Seljuk ruin sits atop a 250m high peninsular overlooking the Mediterranean sea.	
Alcazaba Fortress was a castle fortress built in the middle of the 9th century of which only part remains today. Ranking among the most famous castles in the world, the Alcazar of Segovia is an imposing medieval fortress turned royal palace. 
Alnwick Castle
Amalienborg Slot is an 18th century royal palace in north Copenhagen; one of many fascinating Nordic castles, .	
Anadolu Hisari was built by the Ottoman Sultan Beyazid I in 1395 and is among many Ottoman castles that is definitely worth visiting today. 
Arsuf Arsuf is perhaps one of the lesser known castles of the world, Arsuf is an amazing Crusader castle once occupied by the Knights Hospitaller.	
Arundel Castle Ranking high on any list of castles of the world, the 11th century Arundel Castle is the historic home of the Dukes of Norfolk and has been continually occupied and renovated over the centuries.	
Ashby Castle is one of the most beatuful castle ruins in the UK, Ashby Castle was a Royalist stronghold destroyed after the English Civil War. 
Baba Vida Fortress is one of the most - if not actually the most - well-preserved medieval castles in Bulgaria.	
Balmoral Castle ranks among the most famous castles in the world, Balmoral Castle has been the official Highlands home of the British royals since Queen Victoria. 
Bamburgh Castleis one of many castles around the world with a rich history, Bamburgh Castle is a grand structure which looms high upon a crag overlooking the coast of Northumberland. 
Barnard Castle contains the ruins of a Norman stronghold which was later owned by Richard III.	
Beaumaris Castle was to be the largest of King Edward’s iron ring of castles intended to encircle Wales.	
Berat is a popular historic town in Albania containing an impressive 13th century castle which looms above the town.	
Berkeley Castle was originally built nearly 1,000 years ago, but since then has undergone a number of changes and has been the site of many interesting – and sometimes bloody – events.	
Berkhamsted Castle was a medieval stronghold, the ruins of which lie in Berkhamsted, Herts, UK. 
Berwick Castle was a medieval castle, the ruins of which are located in Berwick-Upon-Tweed, Northumberland.	
Bishop's Waltham Palace Bishop's Waltham Palace
Blarney Castle is a 15th century stone castle in Cork, Ireland, and is home to the famous Blarney Stone.	
Bodiam Castle is perhaps one of England’s best known moated castles, Bodiam Castle was built in 1385. The castle suffered during the English Civil War and was restored before being bequeathed to the National Trust. It now ranks among the most beautiful castles in the world.	
Bojnice Castleis one of the oldest castles in the world, Bojnice Castle is said to be Slovakia's most romantic castle, and has a history dating to the twelth century.	
Bolsover Castle was once the site of a medieval fortress before its replacement with an ornate 17th century manor house, Bolsover Castle is today run by English Heritage.	
Borgholm Castle is a picturesque ruined medieval castle on the Swedish island of Öland which is now a popular tourist attraction.	
Bothwell CastleA  is a ruined medieval stronghold near Glasgow, Bothwell Castle played a key role in the Scottish Wars of Independence. 
Bran Castle
Broughton Castle is situated on the border of Oxfordshire, Broughton Castle is surrounded by a three acre moat, and set amongst the scenic parkland of Broughton park.	
Buda Castle is one of the biggest castles in the world, Buda Castle is a vast palace in Budapest’s Castle Quarter housing a series of museums including the National Gallery. 
Burg Rheinfels is among the more picturesque of the world’s castles, Burg Rheinfels was an imposing medieval fort, the dramatic ruins of which lie in St Goar in Germany. 
Byblos is one of the world’s oldest continuously inhabited cities, and contains a twelth century Crusader castle. 
Caerlaverock Castle is set in truly jaw-dropping Scottish countryside, Caerlaverock Castle was an important fortification, providing defence for the Scottish crown in a period of deep rooted rivalry with England.	
Caernarfon Castle is a stunning medieval stronghold in Wales built by Edward I. 
Caerphilly Castle is a vast thirteenth century Anglo-Norman stronghold built to defend against Welsh prince Llywelyn ap Gruffudd. 
Camber Castle is a huge 16th century castle and fortification built by famous English king Henry VIII. 
Carcassonne Carcassonne 
Cardiff Castle is a medieval complex with a diverse history dating back to the Romans. 
Carrickfergus Castle is a Norman-built fortification which was in continual use as a military stronghold for over 700 years.	
Castel Sant Angelo was the tomb of the Roman Emperor Hadrian later used as a mediecal castle. 
Castell de Bellver is a striking 14th century citadel near Palma in Majorca.	
Castello di San Michele is a medieval castle turned luxury home, hospital and museum. 
Castle of Almourol is a medieval castle built by the Knights Templar on an islet in the Tagus River.	
Castelo dos Mouros
Castelvecchio Museum and Fortress is a fourteenth century medieval castle.	
Chapultepec Castle was once the home of Emperor Maximilian of Habsburg.
Castillo de San Andres is the pretty ruin of an 18th, perhaps 17th, century fortification in Tenerife. 
Castillo de San Jose is a dramatic cliff-top eighteenth century fort built to protect Lanzarote’s main port from pirate attacks.	
Castle Acre Priory was an eleventh century monastery built on a former castle site and dissolved by King Henry VIII.	
Castle Drogo is an early 20th century country home constructed in the style of a mediaeval castle.
Castle Keep in Newcastle upon Tyne.
Castle of Good Hope
Castle of the Knights - Kos Castle of the Knights - Kos
Castle Chillon is a beautiful fort using Lake Geneva and a moat created between a small island and the mainland for defense.	
Chateau de Prangins 
The Citadel of Salah Ed-Din is a Crusader castle situated in Syria which was captured by Saladin.
Clifford’s Tower 
Colchester Castle is a beautifully preserved Norman stronghold with a rich history dating back to Roman times, Colchester Castle was built on the site of the Temple of Claudius.	
Conwy Castle was one of a ring of medieval strongholds encircling Wales built by King Edward I. 
Corfe Castle 
Craigmillar Castle
Crichton Castle is a distinctive 14th century castle.	
Denbigh Castle is one of the ring of castles which was built by King Edward I in order to establish his dominance over Wales. 
Devin Castle overlooks the Danube and the border between Slovakia and Austria and its site has a history stretching back to Roman times.	
Dirleton Castle 
Dover Castle 
Dublin Castle
Dudley Castle is a ruined Norman motte and bailey castle.	
Dumbarton Castle served as a wartime prison, a royal shelter and a defence against both foreign and local threats.	
Dunstaffnage Castle is a medieval stronghold once captured by Robert the Bruce. 
Dunstanburgh Castle was a 14th century fortress found on Northumberland’s coast. .
Durham Castle Durham Castle
Fagaras Fortress is an imposing 14th century stronghold in Transylvania. 
Fil’akovo Castle is a medieval site on the current Slovak-Hungarian border and the former frontier of the Ottoman Empire.	
Fotheringhay Castle
Framlingham Castle is an impressive twelth century fortified castle in Suffolk, UK.	
Frederiksborg Slot is a 16th century royal palace in Denmark. 
Gediminas Tower is an iconic fortified tower and the sole remaining part of the Upper Castle of Vilnius.	
Glamis Castle
Godolphin House is a Cornish stately home built in the castle style by the Godolphin family, who were prominent in the reign of Queen Anne.	
Goodrich Castle is a picturesque Norman castle in Herefordshire, UK.	
the Grandmasters Palace of Rhodes was the base of the Knights Hospitaller of St John.	
Grandmasters Palace - Valletta Grandmasters Palace - Valletta
Gruyeres Castle is a medieval castle which was the seat of nobility for centuries.	
Hailes Castle was a medieval stronghold from the 14th century.	
Hame Castle is a medieval site which has served as everything from a royal residence to a prison and evena granary. 
Hammershus Castle was a medieval fortress on the island of Bornholm.	
Harlech Castle
Hastings Castle
Helmsley Castle was a twelth century castle in York and the site of a dramatic siege during the English Civil War.	
Hohensalzburg Fortress is a vast 11th century citadel in Salzburg, Austria. 
Holstentor gate	
Hunedoara Castle in Romania was a medieval fortress turned royal palace. 
Hylton Castle was the private home of a wealthy family in Medieval England.	
Kalmar Castle is a fortified castle in Sweden which dates back to the 12th century.	
Kastelholm Castle is a medieval castle located on the Åland Islands and once home to King Gustav I, often thought of as the founder of modern Sweden. Kenilworth Castle
Kenilworth Castle is a former medieval stronghold and royal palace, most famed as the home of Elizabeth’s beloved Robert Dudley.	
Kerak Castle is an impressive 12th century Crusader castle in Jordan.
Kidwelly Castle is a Norman castle which still stands majestically in the calm Welsh countryside as a reminder of the tumultuous Anglo-Welsh past.	
Kolossi Castle was a fortification of the Knights Hospitallers built in the 13th century and rebuilt in the 15th century.	
Konigstein Fortress in Dresden has been everything from a stronghold to a World War II prisoner of war camp.	
Kronborg Slot
Linlithgow Palace was the birthplace of Mary Queen of Scots and host to most of the Stuart kings.	
Lochleven Castle was a medieval stronghold most renowned for being the prison of Mary Queen of Scots.	
Ludgershall Castle was a medieval royal castle and hunting lodge. 
Ludlow Castle is set in glorious Shropshire countryside.
Maiden Castle is vast Iron Age hill fort in Dorchester.	
Malbork Castle in northern Poland was the medieval fortified castle of the Teutonic Knights.	
Manorbier Castle is located on the Welsh coast in Pembrokeshire.	
The Marbella Castle Walls were once part of an impressive Moorish citadel built in the 10th century. 
Middleham Castle was the childhood home of King Richard III. 
Montezuma Castle is a 12th century cliff dwelling in Arizona. 
Photo by subarcticmike (cc)
Mystras is a 13th century castle in Greece. 
Castle of Forty Columns is a Byzantine fortification constructed in the seventh century AD.	
Neuschwanstein Castle 
Nuremberg Castle is a medieval castle where Holy Roman Emperors would reside. 
Okehampton Castle 
Orava Castle
Orford Castle was a twelth century fortified castle built during the reign of King Henry II. 
Paderne Castle was a Moorish stronghold later taken by the forces of King Afonso III. 
Paphos Castle is a medieval fortification in Paphos Harbour. 
Peles Castle was the summer home of Romania’s first king, Carol I. 
Pevensey Castle is a medieval castle built where William the Conqueror landed in 1066.	
Pontefract Castle
Powis Castle was built by Welsh princes in the early 13th century. 
Qasr Amra in Jordan. 
Raglan Castle is a 15th century castle.	
Ragnhildsholmen is an early medieval castle, part of a 13th century border fortress.	
Raseborg Castle is a medieval castle in southern Finland in 1378.	
Restormel Castle was a 13th century castle in Cornwall. 
Rhuddlan Castle was one of the iron ring of strongholds built by Edward I in his conquest of Wales.	
Richborough Roman Fort in Kent marks the site where the Romans successfully invaded Britain in 43 AD.	
Rosenborg Slot is a 17th century royal palace in Copenhagen in Denmark. 
Rothesay Castle is a distinctive medieval ruin with strong links to the royal Stewart dynasty. 
Sagunto Castle was a large Moorish citadel.
Salses Fortress is an impressive medieval fortress in Plateau de Rousillon in France.
Sandal Castle
Shirvanshahs’ Palace is a 15th century castle complex in Baku in Azerbaijan. 
Sigiriya is a vast rock used over time as a Buddhist monastery and as a 5th century royal fortress. 
Silves Castle is an imposing Moorish stronghold.	
Spis Castle in Slovakia.	
St Fagans National History Museum 
St George’s Castle St George’s Castle
St George’s Castle is a royal palace in Lisbon . 
Stirling Castle is a royal palace and a medieval stronghold in Scotland. 
Suomenlinna Fortress
Castle of Euryalus. 
Tantallon Castle is the imposing medieval stronghold of an influential Scottish family.	
Tematin Castle is a medieval fortress near the towns of Hrádok and Lúka.	
Teotihuacan 
Thornbury Castle
Toompea Castle
Trencin Castle is the main seat of aristocrat Matus Cak, Lord of the Vah and the Tatras.	
Tsarevets Castle is a medieval fortress in Veliko Tarnovo.	
Tulum is a cliff-top Maya castle in Mexico’s Quintana Roo region.	
Turku Castle is a large medieval castle in Finland.
Tutbury Castle is an imposing medieval site in Staffordshire.
Van Castle was built in the Iron Age as part of the Urartu Kingdom.	
Vianden Castle in Luxembourg.
Vranduk is a medieval castle and the residence fot the fifteenth century Bosnian King Stjepan Tomas.	
Warwick Castle 
Wawel Castle is an iconic fortified castle complex in Krakow.
Yedikule Zindanlari is an impressive Byzantine and medieval fort in Istanbul. 